There you go.
You did it.
You just finish the Object Oriented Programming section of the course we can finally jump into functional
programming and then talking about composition versus inheritance.
And then finally comparing Object Oriented Programming with functional programming when to use what
and some of the pros and cons but in this section we learn some really interesting things we learned
about the this keyword the new keyword we learnt all about prototypes but also how we can simplify things
using ESL classes.
We learned about languages that are class based like Java and C++ but we also learn how JavaScript can
become a language that works with classes although it uses prototype all inheritance.
It can still create classes and act like an object oriented paradigm.
We also learn object does create for those that want to avoid using classes.
There are ways around it.
And we also learned about private versus public fields something that JavaScript is definitely working
towards and will be important as the language grows.
And in order to really solidify the object oriented principles speaking of principles we covered the
four principles of object oriented programming encapsulation abstraction inheritance and polymorphism
and at the end of it all we learned how this programming paradigm allows us to structure our code beyond
just simple procedural code but code that is well thought out well organized so that as it grows it's
easier and easier to maintain to extend and to reason about hopefully now you feel like you've gained
some superpowers and you're finally able to use OPI to become a better programmer.
I'll see you in the next one by.